[Music]
the arc MIDI r2 by fractal design
features massive air flow and highly
flexible liquid cooling support click
now to learn more welcome to my unboxing
and overview of the first time we've
seen a new organ Amish ape from me onyx
this is the AV or 8200 from me onyx
which I guess was pretty much pretty
much implied at this point in time and
this is the first time they've done an
ambidextrous mouse so up until now all
we've really seen is that Berg anomic
right-handed shape from them whether
it's the Neos 8200 Neos 5000 or 3200 or
2200 or whatever whatever neo says
they've released have all been kind of
the same shape now we've got a redesign
so it's using the same premium 8200 dpi
laser sensor that they're using in the
Nao's 8200 except of course for the
redesigned shape so they've got a
braided cable here with gold plating on
the outside of the connector which as
you guys probably know if you've watched
my videos before it does not do anything
but actually what's important is the
gold plating on the inside on the
context that can give you a
longer-lasting USB connector so it can
survive more plugs and unplugs so
braided cables about as long as you'd
need fit to be for a mouse I'm going to
go ahead and plug it into my handy-dandy
tablet right here so you guys can see
the illumination on the mouse so on the
left-hand side we've got what would
typically be the back and forward
buttons that you'd find on it on your
typical gaming mouse and then on the
right hand side yes we've got exactly
the same thing so it's an ambidextrous
shape and a completely ambidextrous
design it doesn't matter if you hold it
with the left hand or the right hand
you're going to have thumb buttons but
I'd say are probably most correctly
positioned as thumb buttons and less
correctly positioned as pinky buttons
and it's more to do with just having the
option to have thumb buttons on either
side and less to do with it being sort
of something that you can perfectly
press with your pinky without too much
difficulty
you've also of course got left and right
buttons as well as an illuminated mouse
wheel I'm just going to go ahead and
take another crack at plugging this in
apparently
tablet had a hissy fit last time I did
it and then you've got two more
programmable buttons up here that you
can adjust within the my Onyx software
there we go we've got it running now so
there's a 32-bit 72 megahertz ARM
processor inside with 128 kilobytes of
onboard memory so you can actually store
your profiles on the mouse this is a
feature I think we kind of take for
granted these days but still not all
mice actually have it so there you go
something to consider on the bottom we
find the usual slippy pad so at the top
and bottom of the mouse nice large one
so they should take longer to wear out
than sort of your more average
implementation now me onyx calls the
finish on the mouse soft touch rubber
coated surface I wouldn't really call it
very rubbery I would definitely call it
soft touch but it doesn't have quite the
same grip that you might expect from a a
rubberized finish and then the last
thing that I wanted to mention is that
the included lighting effects are
completely customizable so you can
change it up to sixteen point seven
million colors so there's our BG LED
lighting but it's not only behind the my
onyx logo but also behind the scroll
wheel so thank you for checking out my
unboxing and overview of the EV R or
however they want to spell that Eddy or
have your 8,200 from me onyx don't
forget to subscribe to Linus tech tips
from unboxings reviews and other
computer videos like the video if you
liked it dislike it if you disliked it
and if you did dislike it maybe leave a
comment and tell me why and maybe if you
liked it leave a comment and tell me why
or talk about the mouse that's fine too
[Music]